hey guys I'm doing every so fashion and
lifestyle expert today I went to an
outside BBQ party for a little kids
party actually and I want to show you my
outfit of the day when I decided to wear
it's really hot out and there's gonna be
the Sun and barbecuing and just hang out
a backyard kind of so I wanted it light
and cuddly adorable dress in banana
republic it's an eyelet dress and it's
strapless so it's nice so if you're
outside all day for like a barbecue and
you don't want to worry about tan lines
or anything I love getting a strapless
dress it's really cute sis just right
across really nicely I wore this little
felt with it which is also from banana
republic and it's actually old I've had
it for a while but I just nodded it i
like to do this with belt when they're a
little bit longer and i'm wearing them
higher up i give it a nice little not so
that way it's not just like a tide
regular belt tied it kind of gives a
little dimension in detail the dress is
pleated and a high-waisted dress and it
goes long it actually goes down past my
knees so its pretty long i was thinking
about if I got it like hemmed a little
bit shorter so I might do that but I
just bought it and so I didn't do
anything to it yet and it was good
length of our party kids party I wore
these shoes which are from cole haan if
you guys haven't bought a pair of cole
haan shoes ever before they are so
cushiony and soft they're amazing I
could wear these all day and night
forever and ever and ever they're a
wedge which makes them even more
comfortable but they have like this nice
cushion inside so you kind of want to
just leave them on your feet all day
they're so comfortable
them and their cute little shoe I
probably wear the shorts and stuff to
sort of semi casual michael kors gold
watch and I put it on with my bracelets
machinae wrap bracelets and my energy
muse bracelet and a couple other one and
we're my little heart my diamond hoop
earrings I wanna braid in my hair you
guys any questions you can comment below
you can find me on twitter i dollars
about on our conference of chopping her
from ro me don't oversell it comes you
guys seen every time